---
title: This is the one marked "1"
---
## :: AFLAC representatives on campus 
AFLAC will be visiting campus on May 7 at 2:00 p.m. and May 8 at 9:30
a.m. All employees are **REQUIRED** to attend at least one session.
Locations TBD. If you have any questions, please contact Tom Brookey.

## :: Advancement Office needs student worker 

The Antioch College Advancement Office is looking for a part-time
student worker for the spring quarter. Work will be 5-7 hours per week,
and can be flexible during normal business hours, 8:30 a.m. -- 5:00 p.m.
Tasks will include data entry, event planning, annual fund support,
administrative tasks, and more. If interested, please e-mail
[mdevine@antiochcollege.org](mailto:mdevine@antiochcollege.org) to
schedule a brief interview.

## :: New Facebook group will post community events, announcements 

Attention faculty, staff, and students. A new Facebook group called [THE
BULLETIN](http://www.facebook.com/groups/148989065262333) has been set
up for general campus information, event information, and announcements.
All members of the Antioch community are welcome to post on it.

Administrators of the group, Shane Creepingbear and Nicole Wroten-Craw,
will be inviting all Antioch community members with Facebook pages to
the group this week. It is the hope of the Office of Communication and
the Office of Community Life that this group will become the go-to place
for internal communication and information, in addition to OMP.

If you have not yet been added to the group and would like to be, please
contact Nicole Wroten-Craw at
[nwroten@antiochcollege.org](mailto:nwroten@antiochcollege.org). Please
note: This group is for faculty members, staff members, and students at
Antioch College ONLY.

## :: Design Build Project: Message from Sara Black 

On May 4th and 5th 2013, a collaborative group of architects, designers,
and builders including Professor of Sculpture Rod Northcutt (Miami
University), Architect and Urban Planner Charlie Vinz (Rebuild
Foundation), and Professor of Visual Arts Sara Black (Antioch College)
will lead the next phase of the Tea Pavilion Design Build Project with
Antioch College students and community members. Student participants who
have worked to develop the tea pavilion thus far include: Sam Senzek,
Maisie Taibbi, Rachael Smith, Nargees Jumahan, Adam Abraham, Gabe
Amrhein, Cleo van der Veen and Ben Daniels. Community members include
Nevin Mercede, Jim Rose, Joshua Miller, Tomaz Williams, Carissa Burkett,
Ethan Miller, Dennie Eagleson and Antioch College Farm Director Kat
Christen.

The process began last April with a design charrette in which students
developed an innovative design for the structure developed around the
ritual process of building, the event of harvesting, steeping and
drinking tea inspired by many cultures, and the importance of 'water' on
the farm. Since the charrette just over one year ago, students and
community members in Yellow Springs along with the grounds crew at
Antioch College took down and salvaged the material from the existing
structure built in the 1970's, poured footings for the new structure,
pulled up the concrete from the non-functioning pond, placed a stone
'foot print' using stones harvested by hand from a nearby limestone
quarry, constructed and roofed the renewed Tea Shelter structure,
partially constructed a cordwood and mortar wall.

Materials have included a mix of soft and hard cordwoods from the Glen
(as donated by George Bieri), a local source (as donated by Paul
Abendroth), White Oak salvaged from the floor of the previous structure
(now the posts and lintels), White Oak floor joists (as donated to the
project by Richard Lapedes with the help of Richard Zopf), and limestone
from the nearby quarry.

This weekend it is our goal to complete the cordwood and mortar wall and
realize the rain catchment system. If time allows we may begin working
to line and landscape the adjacent pond. If you are AT ALL interested in
joining the crew for the weekend, please come! We will begin working on
Saturday and Sunday at 9 am and finish around 5pm. We will have a one
hour lunch break each day.

Please RSVP to Sara Black if you would like to participate:
[sblack@antiochcollege.org](mailto:sblack@antiochcollege.org).

I look forward to seeing you this weekend!

Sara

## :: Documentary film screening: *When the Iron Bird Flies* 

The Dharma Center along with Antioch College invites everyone to the
screening of the new documentary film, When the Iron Bird Flies, on
Sunday, May 5 at 7:00 p.m. at the Glen Building. An up-close and
personal journey following the astounding path of one of the world's
great spiritual traditions from the caves of Tibet to the mainstream of
Western culture. The film highlights the provocative exchange between
Buddhist practitioners and Western scientists and educators now at the
heart of the emergence of a genuine Western tradition of Buddhism. The
film's producer and co-director, Amber Bemak a 2002 Antioch grad,
Antioch Buddhist Studies India alum, and former Dharma Center resident,
will be on hand to answer questions about her film. Admission is free!

## :: Chat 'n Chew Survey Results--April 12, 2013 

-   82% rated the event to be excellent or good
-   96% found the information useful (fairly, somewhat, very)
-   89% learned something new
-   89% rated food as excellent or good
-   75% rated the location as excellent or good
-   89% would recommend the event to colleagues

Open ended:

**Like:**

-   Talking with Mark
-   Opportunity to ask questions
-   Excellent sense of community
-   The location of Glen Helen building

**Dislike:**

-   Location is too far
-   Want an agenda--no idea of what to expect

**Suggestions:**

-   Keep changing venues with each event in order to see different parts
    of campus
-   Keep the event in McGregor

## :: Antioch College Menu and Dining Hall information 

The North Hall Dining Room opens at 12:00 p.m. and we serve until lunch
until 1:30 p.m., Monday through Friday. We ask that faculty, staff, and
visitors offer $5.00, paid via the "honor system," to a deposit safe
located near the front entrance of the dining room. We also ask that
shoes and shirts be worn in the dinning room at all times and that food
not be taken "to-go" unless you are unable to join us for a meal during
the established meal time. Thank you!

(SUBJECT TO CHANGE)

April 29-May 5

**Monday**

Breakfast: Scrambled Eggs, Potatoes, Fruit

Lunch: Posole, BBQ Chicken Drumsticks, Black Eyed Peas, Greens

Dinner: Local Pork Chops, Roasted Tofu Balsamic Reduction, Caramelized
Onion, Potato Gratin, Chard

**Tuesday**

Breakfast: Fried Eggs, Bacon, Fruit

Lunch: White Bean Soup, Italian Sub, Italian Veggie Sub, Kale

Dinner: Tacos, Red Beans and Rice, Guacamole, Sour Cream & Salsa

**Wednesday**

Breakfast: Scrambled Eggs, Potatoes, Fruit

Lunch: West African Peanut Soup, Savory Millet Cakes, Chicken Risotto,
Kale Salad

Dinner: Beef Patty Melts, Portabella Patty Melt, Fries

**Thursday**

Breakfast: Frittata, Breakfast Meat, Fruit

Lunch: Black Bean Soup, Cuban Sandwich, Shroom Cuban, Roasted Turnip
Fries

Dinner: Huli Huli Chicken/Tofu, Pineapple Fritters, Peppers and Onions

**Friday**

Breakfast: Scrambled Eggs, Tofu Scramble, Potatoes , Fruit

Lunch: Creamy Broccoli Soup, Goi Ga Wrap, Chickpea Fritters, Rice
Arlecchino Salad, Local Greens

Dinner: Tamales (meat and veggie), Quinoa Pilaf, Veggies

**Saturday**

Breakfast: Brunch

Lunch: Brunch

Dinner: Bulgogi (Korean Barbecued Beef), Vegtarian Jajangmyun (noodles
w/black bean sauce), Broccoli

**Sunday**

Breakfast: Brunch

Lunch: Brunch

Dinner: Assorted Pizzas, Greens
