---
title: Preferred Names Policy
---
Antioch College recognizes that as a community, many of its members use names other than their legal names to identify themselves. As long as the use of this different name is not for the purposes of misrepresentation, the college acknowledges that a "preferred name" can be used wherever possible in the course of college business and education. Therefore, it is the policy of the college that any student may choose to identify themselves within the college’s established communications and records management systems (i.e. campus email, course management system, student information system, etc.) with a preferred name, in addition to the person's legal name.

The preferred name option provides for choosing a different first, middle, or last name, or any combination thereof. Students in transition may also change their gender designation from male or female to unknown, which is used by students who decline to state their gender when applying to Antioch College.

At this time, examples of where your preferred name would be used are:
* Campus Directory
* Class Rosters
* Campus Email Address
* Campus ID Cards (must have copy of approval letter for Preferred Name with you to receive a new ID card at no charge)

Examples where your legal name would continue to be used are:
* Academic Records
* Transcripts*Diplomas
* Financial Aid and Scholarships Documents
* Any legal documents produced by Antioch College

The individual is free to determine the preferred name he or she wants to be known by. However, inappropriate use of the preferred name policy (including but not limited to avoiding a legal obligation or misrepresentation) may be cause for denying the request or converting the preferred name back to the legal name, if a usage offense has been detected after initial approval of the request.

The following identifies the request process for a preferred name to be used at Antioch College without a legal name change:
1. Submit a completed Request for Preferred Name Form. The request form must be submitted to the Dean of Community Life. Documentation is not required.
2. Once the request has been received and an endorsement from the Dean of Community Life has been provided, the form will be submitted to the Office of the Registrar and Academic Services for processing.
3. A Notification of Request status and approval letter will be sent to the requestor’s email indicated on the request form in Part 1, no later than 15 business days from receipt of the original request in the Office of the Registrar and Academic Services. Changes made once approval is established are not retroactive.

NOTE: Because the official/legal name appears on the academic record transcript and diploma, and official/legal name and gender are reflected on narrative evaluations, it is important for students who transition to complete the legal change of name and gender with the court system. The links below may assist you in this endeavor, in addition to serving as a means to information.

\*[http://transgenderlawcenter.org](http://transgenderlawcenter.org) 

\*[http://www.transohio.org/wordpress](http://www.transohio.org/wordpress)
